--- 
layout: default 
title: Mobello Studio
description: Mobello Studio is ultimate IDE for building webapps with Mobello Framework. Mobello Studio also help you create standards-based web sites.   
keywords: Mobello, mobello, 모벨로, HTML5, javascript, CSS3, mobile, UI Framework, tutorial, Tutorial, 튜토리얼, 강의
---

<iframe width="500" height="281" style="float:right;" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/2Bh2ggdMPrA" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

h3. Mobello Studio 기능

* Develop mobile apps with Mobello Framework
* Design web with HTML5 and CSS3
* WYSIWYG design editor
* Real-time synchronized editing
* Javascript debugging
* Device emulator
* Powerful layout editing
* Eclipse plug-in architecture

<a href="/studio-download-ko" class="btn btn-primary btn-large" style="padding-left: 70px;padding-right:70px;margin-top: 15px;">Download Mobello Studio</a>

<hr style="clear:both">

h2. Mobello Studio 기본 자료

* "설치 가이드":/studio-install-guide-ko
* "Design Perspective 소개":/studio-perspective-ko
* "Mobello Studio Preference Page 소개":/studio-preferences-ko

<hr>

h2. Mobello app 개발 관련 자료

h4. 문서

 * "Mobello Studio 처음 시작하기":/studio-getstarted-ko <i class="icon-start-empty"></i>
* "Navigation based App 제작 및 Publish 하기":/studio-build-navigation-ko <i class="icon-star-empty"></i> 
* "RSS 기반 app 만들기":/studio-build-rss-ko
* "Mobello Studio 로 디버깅 하기":/studio-debug-ko <i class="icon-star-empty"></i>

h4. 동영상 가이드

* "Mobello Studio 처음 시작하기":http://youtu.be/jLbUfaLjkmA <i class="icon-star-empty"></i>
* "Navigation based App 제작 및 Publish 하기":http://youtu.be/b2kOgdgLJTQ <i class="icon-star-empty"></i>
* "RSS 기반 app 만들기":http://youtu.be/Xqkbk4lGScg
* "Mobello Studio 로 디버깅 하기":http://youtu.be/sb1cNGiI8WE <i class="icon-star-empty"></i>


<hr>

h2. Web site 개발 관련 자료

h4. 소개 영상

* "CSS3 로 디자인하기":http://youtu.be/uMJHIBTdRYE
* "Absolute Layout":http://youtu.be/V6YoLo07Reo
* "QuickStyler ColorSection":http://youtu.be/rG8hCzlu874
* "QuickStyler TextSection":http://youtu.be/UTreLaZoHtY
* "Attributes Edit":http://youtu.be/P6LkmxFktBA

h4. 동영상 가이드

* "Build web pages with Mobello Studio - part1":http://youtu.be/1uyzcWvqhvg
* "Build web pages with Mobello Studio - part2":http://youtu.be/saqBkJ5lewI
* "Build mobile pages with Mobello Studio - part1":http://youtu.be/duSGGM-OywU
* "Build mobile pages with Mobello Studio - part2":http://youtu.be/H-Wh-SlRFbU
* "Design stylish form with Mobello Studio":http://youtu.be/dB0JVeZLSPc
* "Design mobile SNS pages with Mobello Studio":http://youtu.be/6Nu5yxoHAug