--- 
layout: default 
title: Mobello Studio
description: Mobello Studio is ultimate IDE for building webapps with Mobello Framework. Mobello Studio also help you create standards-based web sites.   
keywords: Mobello, mobello, 모벨로, HTML5, javascript, CSS3, mobile, UI Framework, tutorial, Tutorial, 튜토리얼, 강의
---

<iframe width="500" height="281" style="float:right;" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/smxXEXOOJSM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

h3. Mobello Studio give you ultimate productivity

* Develop mobile apps with Mobello Framework
* Design web with HTML5 and CSS3
* WYSIWYG design editor
* Real-time synchronized editing
* Javascript debugging
* Device emulator
* Powerful layout editing
* Eclipse plug-in architecture

h3. Mobello Studio 1.1 Released!

* "Mobello Studio 1.1 - What's New":/documents/Studio-Mobello_Studio_1.1_-_What_27s_New.html

<a href="/studio-download" class="btn btn-black btn-large" style="padding-left: 70px;padding-right:70px;margin-top: 15px;">Download Mobello Studio 1.1</a>

<hr style="clear:both">

h2. Mobello Studio basics

* "Installation Guide":/studio-install-guide
* <a href="/documents/Studio-Mobello_Studio_1.1_Installation_Guide__28install_to_existing_eclipse_29.html">Studio Installation Guide (install to exisiting eclipse)</a>
* "Build Hybrid App with Mobello + Appspresso":/documents/Studio-Build_Hybrid_App_with_Mobello__2B_Appspresso.html

<hr>

h2. Build Mobello apps

h4. Documents

* "Mobello Studio Getting Started":/studio-getstarted <i class="icon-best"></i>
* "Build navigation based app and publish":/studio-build-navigation 
* "Build RSS app":/studio-build-rss
* "Debug app with Mobello Studio":/studio-debug

h4. Video tutorials

* "Mobello Studio Getting Started":http://youtu.be/jLbUfaLjkmA <i class="icon-best"></i>
* "Build navigation based app and publish":http://youtu.be/b2kOgdgLJTQ <i class="icon-best"></i>
* "Build RSS app":http://youtu.be/Xqkbk4lGScg
* "Debug app with Mobello Studio":http://youtu.be/sb1cNGiI8WE <i class="icon-best"></i>

<hr>

h2. Build web site

h4. Video introductions

* "Design web with CSS3":http://youtu.be/uMJHIBTdRYE
* "Absolute Layout":http://youtu.be/V6YoLo07Reo
* "QuickStyler ColorSection":http://youtu.be/rG8hCzlu874
* "QuickStyler TextSection":http://youtu.be/UTreLaZoHtY
* "Attributes Edit":http://youtu.be/P6LkmxFktBA

h4. Video tutorials

* "Build web pages with Mobello Studio - part1":http://youtu.be/1uyzcWvqhvg
* "Build web pages with Mobello Studio - part2":http://youtu.be/saqBkJ5lewI
* "Build mobile pages with Mobello Studio - part1":http://youtu.be/duSGGM-OywU
* "Build mobile pages with Mobello Studio - part2":http://youtu.be/H-Wh-SlRFbU
* "Design stylish form with Mobello Studio":http://youtu.be/dB0JVeZLSPc
* "Design mobile SNS pages with Mobello Studio":http://youtu.be/6Nu5yxoHAug